in the video the website has its function
priority is the instruction of credits
with normal and therefore this trip is not
does not escape the rule and will also be the
of the credits and to allow the
contact with the sea is that it is a
that occurs at the end of the tournament I've had
this water is more
of the year in which the
matters of the economic press is
connection to its majority area however
this trip will have this complete is
we also have is the second function of the
ship ambassador and eddy e gil ends up
be an itinerant embassy in the country and
on this trip we find one with the support
entities are some of the
organizations and private entities that
have supported us and will also
you need to upload the
foreigners
close to Portuguese communities but
also because the sindcomb in the end because
also allows you to save your products
be seen by more than the
I'll be here in the country will not leave already
after testing committed to the
navy day commemorations in
any of the goals and will make a
small stop in Algés to be
and next came the vessels of
volvo ocean race is after this presence goes
make a very short range is in the
where you will embark on a
with the purpose of reactivating the
victory trip that a crease will do
a trip together with the waters to
win here some wealth and that makes
this richer son and also empower
this video is and will also happen
if I come out too holy, let's think
After doing show remembers mute is
Philadelphia
and it was exactly in philadelphia when
was made is the signing of the constitution
is the first constitution of the states
united states of america where it was offered
improvement styling and both this is
to take care of the wood wine until
Philadelphia is a very
interesting
the ship will be present in philadelphia
as free is integrated into a meeting of
big plans
It is at a meeting of the
learning in toshiba america where
It will make a cat
also entered through philadelphia green port
near new york sport sex or
As a strong Portuguese community it's new
bedford and like to come, then come back
is making the north atlantic is it's luck
in the Azores a French ship carla ito
serious and play there those who in the 2nd year
cadets of the first year to do
the final phase of the trip which includes a
stop at the amsterdam port where you will be
gift that they will have an event
large size
the meeting of large-scale violeiros
dimension the cut 25
important is a meeting where
affected about 50 large chips
The ship returns to lisbon ending
so a journey of desire